Use appropriate reserved domain for example URLs (#910)
elastic/ecs: CHANGELOG.next.md

  `log.syslog`, `network.inner`, `observer.egress`, and `observer.ingress`. #871
* Improved attribute `dashed_name` in `generated/ecs/*.yml` to also
  replace `@` with `-`. #871

> * Updated several URLs in the documentation with appropriate special-use domain. #910

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated several URLs in the documentation with "example.com" domain. #910
```

Let's make the changelog entry a little more plain in what we're doing here :-)
